**TERMS OF USE**

The terms and conditions indicated below (the \"General Conditions\")
govern access to and use of each and every one of the web pages located
under the domain \"<https://www.ironchip.com/>\", and their respective
subdomains and subdirectories (the \"Website\"), owned by IRONCHIP
TELCO, S.L., commercial company with registered office in C/ Espronceda
4 Lonja 48902 - (Barakaldo) - Vizcaya, constituted for an indefinite
period by virtue of a deed authorized on 19 April 2017 by the Notary
Public of Barakaldo, Mrs. María Aranzazu Conejo Agraz, number 740 of the
protocol that was registered Public Registry of Commerce located in
Bizkaia, Volume 5,693, Folio 114, Sheet BI-69,832, 1st entry and with
CIF Nº. B-95880332.

The access to the Website and the use of its contents and services
implies full and unreserved adherence to the General Conditions that are
set out in the version published at the time the user accesses it.

The latest version of the General Conditions may be consulted at any
time at [www.ironchip.com](www.ironchip.com). If the user decides not to
accept the current Conditions, they must refrain from accessing the
Website and / or using the contents and / or services available on it.

**TERMS OF SERVICE**

**PURPOSE OF THE TERMS OF SERVICE**

The purpose of these Conditions is to regulate access to and use of the
Website. For the purposes of these General Conditions, the following
shall be understood as Website:

The external appearance (or \"look and feel\") of the screen interfaces,
both statically and dynamically (i.e., the navigation tree).

Elements integrated into both the screen interfaces and the navigation
tree, including, but not limited to, texts, images, sounds, databases,
multimedia products, interpretations, artistic performances, fixations,
photographs, broadcasting signals, and in general, all those creations
and objects expressed by any medium or medium, currently known or
invented in the future, whether or not they are subject to protection by
the current legal system on intellectual, industrial property or by Any
other analogous legal systems (the \"Contents\") and all those services
or online resources that, where appropriate, it offers to users (the
\"Services\").

IRONCHIP reserves the right to modify, at any time, and without prior
notice, the presentation and configuration of the Website and the
Contents and Services incorporated therein. The user acknowledges and
accepts that at any time IRONCHIP may interrupt, deactivate and / or
cancel any of the Contents and / or Services that are integrated into
the Website.

**PARTICULAR CONDITIONS**

Access to and use of certain Content and/or Services may be subject to
certain conditions, legal notices, guidelines and regulations for use
that, previously made known to the user, and depending on the case, will
replace, supplement and/or amend the General Conditions set out here
(hereafter referred to as the \"Special Conditions\"). Access to and use
of these Contents and/or Services will therefore imply full adherence to
the particular conditions that regulate them in the version published at
the time the user accesses them, with said Particular Conditions being
automatically incorporated into the these General Conditions.

In case of contradiction between the terms and conditions expressed in
the General Conditions and the Particular Conditions, the terms agreed
in the latter instrument will prevail always and in any case with
respect to those incompatible terms and only with respect to those
Contents and or Services subject to said specific regulation.

**ACCESS TO CONTENT AND SERVICES**

To access the Website the user must:

Have access to the Network, either directly or indirectly through access
devices;

Pay the corresponding access and connection fees and

Have the necessary computer equipment and systems to connect to the
Internet, including a terminal that is suitable for this purpose
(computer, telephone, etc.) and a modem or other similar or similar
access device.

For the correct access, visualization and implementation of certain
Contents and Services of the Website, the user may need to download
certain computer programs or other logical elements to their computer
equipment. This installation will be borne by the user, IRONCHIP
declining any type of responsibility that may arise from it.

The user undertakes not to access the contents and / or Services of the
Website by other means that are not on the screen interface that
IRONCHIP provides to access them.

**REGISTRY**

IRONCHIP may require for access to certain Content and / or Services the
sending of a registration form. The user, in this case, must provide the
requested information.

In relation to the registration process, the user agrees to:

Provide true, accurate and complete information about your identity and

Update the registration data so that they remain true, accurate and
complete.

The user will not be able to choose as username or password words and /
or expressions that, in general, are contrary to the law or the
requirements of morality and generally accepted good customs and, in
general, words and / or expressions about the that there is a right that
excludes the use by the user of the same.

To this end, the user may not select words or expressions that are rude,
insulting, slanderous, identical, similar or in any way coincide with
distinctive signs, company names, as well as names, surnames, artistic
names and / or pseudonyms of third parties.

If the user provides any false, inaccurate or incomplete data, or if
IRONCHIP had sufficient grounds to suspect that such information was
false, inaccurate or incomplete, or was contrary to the law or the
requirements of morality and generally accepted good customs, of In
accordance with the provisions of the preceding paragraph, IRONCHIP will
have the right to cancel the registration and deny access and use,
present or future, of the Website or of any of the Contents and / or
Services incorporated therein.

The user agrees to make diligent use of his username and password, as
well as to keep both of them secret. It is the sole responsibility of
the user to maintain the confidentiality of his username and password,
assuming personally any activities that are carried out or that take
place through the use of them.

The user may cancel and deactivate their registration at any time using
their username and password. The user acknowledges and accepts that
IRONCHIP reserves the right to cancel those inactive records for a
period of time that would not be reasonable.

**REGULATIONS FOR USE OF THE WEBSITE**

The user is obliged to use the Website and the Contents and/or Services
that are incorporated therein in a diligent and correct manner.
Likewise, the user undertakes not to use the Website:

For the performance of activities contrary to the law, to morality, to
accepted good customs or to established public order and

For illicit purposes or effects, prohibited or prejudicial to the rights
and interests of third parties, IRONCHIP disclaims any liability arising
from the foregoing.

The user acknowledges and accepts that the use of the Website and the
Contents and/or Services thereof will be made for strictly personal,
private and private purposes It is expressly forbidden for the user to
authorize third parties to use the Website, in whole or in part, or to
introduce and/or incorporate the Contents and/or Services incorporated
in it as, or in, their own business activity.

The use or application of any technical, logical or technological
resources by virtue of which users may benefit, directly or indirectly,
with or without profit, from the unauthorized exploitation of the
Contents and / or Services or the Website is expressly prohibited. per
se.

The user agrees not to damage, disable or deteriorate the equipment and
computer systems or telecommunications equipment of IRONCHIP or of any
third party, nor the content incorporated and / or stored therein.

The user agrees to refrain from using the Contents and Services in any
way that may damage, disable, overload or deteriorate the Website or
prevent the normal use or enjoyment of it by other users.

The user undertakes not to modify IRONCHIP equipment and systems in any
way, nor to use modified versions of equipment and systems in order to
obtain unauthorized access to any Service and /or Content on the
Website.

The user undertakes not to interfere with or interrupt the access and
use of the Website, servers or networks connected to it, or to breach
the requirements, procedures and regulations of the network connection
policy.

**CONTENTS AND SERVICES OF THE WEBSITE**

**CORPORATE INFORMATION**

The user knows and accepts that any data relating to IRONCHIP or the
companies of the Group of an economic - financial - strategic nature
(hereinafter, \"Corporate Information\") is carried out for
informational purposes only.

The Corporate Information has been obtained from reliable sources, but,
despite having taken reasonable measures to confirm that said
Information is not erroneous or misleading, IRONCHIP does not represent
or guarantee that it is accurate, complete or updated, and it should not
be relied upon same as if it were.

The Corporate Information contained on the Website does not imply any
type of investment recommendation, or financial or other advice, and
nothing that is included in it should be taken as a basis for making
investments or making decisions of any kind.

Notwithstanding the foregoing, any user who decides to invest in shares
of the IRONCHIP Group must take into consideration that the value of
their investment may fluctuate upward or downward, and may not recover
the amount invested, in part or in full. Past returns are not indicative
of future returns. Exchange rates and their fluctuations can cause
fluctuations in the value of investments.

**INFORMATION PROVIDED BY THIRD PARTIES**

The Website may include information or content provided by sources other
than IRONCHIP, including the Website\'s own users. IRONCHIP does not
guarantee, nor does it assume any responsibility for the certainty,
integrity, accuracy of such information and/or content, including those
cases in which there are defamatory, offensive or illegal elements.

In any case, and without prejudice to the foregoing, the submission by
third parties of information and/or content to the public access
sections of this Website via email or any other means, will imply the
granting in favor of IRONCHIP of a non-exclusive license, without limit
in time, worldwide and free of charge to reproduce, store, edit, modify,
publish, incorporate in databases, publicly communicate, transmit,
visualize, distribute, represent, or in Any other way to commercially
exploit, in whole or in part, such information or contents owned by the
user on the Website in any way or through any means or technology.
IRONCHIP reserves the right, at its sole discretion, to edit, reject or
delete the information and/or content referred to above.

The user acknowledges and accepts that IRONCHIP can keep and reveal the
information that it stores or makes available to third parties on the
Website as long as it is:

or required for it by the competent authorities and organisms;

or necessary to enforce the General Conditions and / or Particular
Conditions;

or convenient or necessary to answer claims related to violations or
infringements of rights;

or convenient or necessary to protect the legitimate interests of
IRONCHIP, its users and the public in general.

**CONTENT AND SERVICES OUTSIDE THE WEBSITE**

The IRONCHIP Website may make available to users technical link devices,
directories and search engines that allow them to access websites
belonging to and/or managed by third parties.

The installation of these links, directories and search engines on the
Website has the sole purpose of facilitating users to search and access
information, content and services available on the Internet.

The establishment of the link does not necessarily imply the existence
of a relationship between IRONCHIP and the owner of the website on which
it is established, nor the acceptance and approval by IRONCHIP of its
content or services.

Unless expressly stated otherwise, IRONCHIP does not offer or market by
itself or through a third party the information, content and/or services
available on the linked pages, nor does it previously control, approve
or monitor them, or makes them its own. The user, therefore, must be
extremely careful when evaluating and using the information, contents
and services available in the linked pages.

Since IRONCHIP has no control over the pages linked through the links on
the Website, the user acknowledges and accepts that IRONCHIP assumes no
responsibility for the content or services that the user may access in
those pages or for any products marketed in them.

**GUARANTEES AND RESPONSIBILITY**

Unless otherwise expressly determined by law, or expressly stated
otherwise, you expressly acknowledge and agree that IRONCHIP makes no
warranty of any kind, either express or implied, about the Website, or
the Content and Services incorporated therein, including, but not
limited to, the following

The availability and continuity of the operation of the Website and, in
particular, although not exclusively, that users can effectively use the
Website, Content and Services, access the various web pages that make up
the Website or those from which the Services are provided.

The levels of quality, interoperability and functionality of the
Website, as well as the Services and/or Content it incorporates.

The interruption, suspension or cancellation of access to the Web Site
and the Content and/or Services it incorporates.

The suitability of the Website and the Services or Content incorporated
therein for a particular purpose.

The certainty, integrity, accuracy and/or updating of the Contents,
Services, products, texts, graphics, links or any other elements
incorporated in the Web Site, as well as the results that could be
obtained from the access and/or use of this Web Site or its contents.or
IRONCHIP expressly disclaims any liability for error or omission in the
information contained in the pages of this Website, as well as for the
lack of truthfulness, accuracy, completeness, relevance and / or
timeliness of the Content.

Unauthorized access and alteration of data stored and transmitted
through the Website or the services offered in this regard.

The absence of viruses or other elements in the Contents that could
produce alterations in your computer system (software and hardware) or
in the electronic documents and files stored in your computer system.

The user is aware of, and voluntarily accepts, that the use of the
Website, the Services and the Contents takes place, in any case, under
his/her responsibility, for which he/she will adopt all those measures
that were necessary in order to minimize the risks, including the
adoption of the security measures that were necessary to guarantee
antivirus and data recovery procedures. Therefore, unless the law
expressly requires otherwise and only to the extent that it is imposed,
IRONCHIP does not guarantee or assume any responsibility for access and
use of the Website or the Content and/or Services that are incorporated
therein.

**FORCE MAJEURE**

Notwithstanding the foregoing, IRONCHIP will not be liable for delays or
failures that occur in access, operation and functionality of the
Website, its Content and/or Services, as well as interruptions,
suspensions or malfunction of the same, when they had their origin in
failures caused by natural disasters such as earthquakes, floods,
lightning or fire, situations of force majeure, extreme emergency
situations such as war, military operations, civil unrest, strikes,
lockouts or any other situation of force majeure or fortuitous cause.

**PERSONAL DATA**

To use or access certain Services and/or Content, IRONCHIP may require
users to complete certain registration forms that necessarily involve
the provision of certain personal data. IRONCHIP will treat such data in
accordance with the purposes and under the conditions detailed in each
case.

By completing and submitting any form on the website, the user consents
and expressly authorizes IRONCHIP to collect, automatically process or
transfer, as appropriate, personal data requested in accordance with the
purposes and under the conditions that are detailed in each case.

IRONCHIP has adopted and will adopt all the technical and organizational
security measures that are mandatory in accordance with current
legislation and quality standards in the sector, in order to ensure
maximum security and confidentiality of communications. IRONCHIP
guarantees that there are controls in place to prevent the opening of
security breaches or other negative consequences, adopting the most
appropriate organizational measures and technical procedures in order to
minimize these risks. Notwithstanding the above, the user acknowledges
and accepts that security measures on the Internet are not impregnable.

The networks used on the Internet are not secure and any communication
sent by this means can be intercepted or modified by unauthorized
persons. Notwithstanding the above, IRONCHIP warns that the current
state of the art does not guarantee the non-infringement of security
systems or the inviolability of communications when these are
transported through any telecommunication network.

Therefore, IRONCHIP cannot guarantee the full privacy and security of
the use of the Website and the Content and/or Services and, in
particular, that unauthorized third parties may not have knowledge of
the type, conditions, characteristics and circumstances of the use that
users make of the Website and the Content and/or Services.

**INFORMATION ABOUT COOKIES**

The Website may use cookies, small text files with information about
your navigation on this site, whose main objective is to improve the
user experience on the web. You can find more information about the
cookies used, their purpose and other information of interest at the
following link: <https://www.ironchip.com/term_uses/cookie.html>

By continuing to simply browse and/or use the Website\'s
functionalities, the user accepts - depending on the settings he/she has
selected on the privacy options provided by his/her browser - the
installation of the cookies used on this Website and described on the
above page.

**INTELLECTUAL, INDUSTRIAL AND OTHER PROPERTY RIGHTS**

Applicable Legislation: This Website, as well as the Contents, Services
and elements that are integrated in it, are owned or controlled by
IRONCHIP, being protected, without limitation, by the laws of
intellectual and industrial property of the Kingdom of Spain and by
international treaties and conventions that may apply.

IRONCHIP property is the exclusive owner of all intellectual property
rights, industrial and similar that may fall on the website. Also, are
reserved in favor of IRONCHIP or any of the companies that make up the
group of companies IRONCHIP, all rights to any content, services or
elements of their property to be incorporated into the website,
including, but not limited to:

those elements that make up the visual appearance, graphic image and
other sensory stimuli of the web pages that make up the Website;

-   the navigation architecture;

-   the source code of the web pages;

-   or photographs,

-   or recordings,

-   or computer programs,

-   or database,

-   or technology,

-   or logos and

-   or distinctive signs.

All of the above shall be referred to collectively hereinafter as the
\"Property\".

Property of Third Parties: The user recognizes and accepts that in the
Web Site there are accessible Contents and Services property of third
parties whose rights are protected by the applicable legislation in the
matter of intellectual, industrial property, rights of exploitation of
the commercial and advertising value of the image and other analogous
rights, according to the case.

Reservation of Rights The user agrees not to withdraw, delete, alter,
manipulate or in any way modify:

Those notes, legends, indications or symbols that either IRONCHIP or the
legitimate owners of the rights incorporate into their properties in
terms of intellectual or industrial property (such as copyright, ©, ®
and ™, etc.).

The technical protection or identification devices that the Contents may
contain (such as watermarks, fingerprints, etc.).

**PROPERTY LICENSES**

The user acknowledges that by virtue of these General Conditions,
IRONCHIP does not assign or transfer to the user any rights over its
Property, or any property of third parties. IRONCHIP only authorizes the
user to access and use them in accordance with the terms indicated in
these Conditions.

IRONCHIP authorizes users to access and browse the Website, using the
Services and viewing the Content incorporated therein.

Users are not authorized to copy, distribute (including emails and
Internet), transmit, communicate, modify, alter, transform, assign or in
any other way deploy activities involving commercial use of the Website,
its pages, Content or elements that comprise it, either partially or
fully, without the express consent, granted in writing, of the
legitimate owner of the rights of exploitation. When IRONCHIP expressly
authorizes in writing, the user can download a single copy of the
Content. In any case, the license of use recognized in this paragraph
may not be, in any case, assigned or transferred to third parties.

The access, visualization and, in its case, download of the Contents
and/or Services will be always and in any case with strictly personal
and not commercial aims.

IRONCHIP reserves all rights over the Property including, but not
limited to, all intellectual and industrial property rights it holds
over them. IRONCHIP does not grant any other license or authorization of
use to the user on its Property other than that expressly detailed in
this clause.

**LINK LICENSE**

Users and, in general, those persons who intend to establish a link
between their website and the Website must comply with the following
conditions detailed below. Any intention to link other than as
stipulated in this clause will require prior written acceptance from
IRONCHIP.

The user may not reproduce or imitate, in whole or in part, the content
of the Website, or the graphic appearance thereof, (\"look and feel\"),
or make frames (\"frames\") or assembled links (\"link inline\") of
IRONCHIP\'s pages.

No browser, frame, or navigation bar or environment will be created on
the pages of the Website.

No false, inaccurate, incorrect or denigrating statements or indications
shall be made about the Website, IRONCHIP or any of the IRONCHIP
Properties and, in particular, it shall not be stated or implied that
IRONCHIP collaborates or is a collaborating partner and/or has in any
way supervised or assumed in any way the content or services offered or
made available on the website where the link is established.

The website on which the link is established will not contain any
trademark, trade name, establishment sign, name, logo, slogan or other
distinctive signs belonging to IRONCHIP, except for those signs that are
part of the same link or those other properties that have been
previously licensed in writing by IRONCHIP.

The web page where the link is established will not contain information
or content that is illegal, contrary to morality, generally accepted
good customs and public order, nor will it contain content or services
contrary to any rights of third parties.

**LICENSE TERMINATION**

IRONCHIP reserves the right to terminate or modify at any time and for
any reason, the licenses granted under these General Conditions. Without
prejudice to this, IRONCHIP may take legal action against any use by the
user who:

-   is not in accordance with the terms and conditions specified herein;

-   infringes or violates the intellectual and industrial property
    rights or other similar rights of IRONCHIP or any other legitimate
    third party; or infringes any applicable law.

-   The user shall be obliged to immediately modify or remove from its
    website any Property of IRONCHIP, or remove any link to the Website,
    when required by IRONCHIP.

**INFRINGEMENT NOTIFICATION PROCEDURE**

In the event that any user or third party considers that there are facts
or circumstances that reveal the unlawful nature of the use of any
content and / or service, or the conduct of any illegal activity on the
websites included in the Website, or through the Services provided, you
may contact the Legal Department at the registered office of IRONCHIP
above, providing the following information:

The name, surname(s), national identity card number, address, telephone
number and e-mail address of the claimant, as well as, if applicable,
the signature of the owner of the allegedly infringed rights or, if
applicable, of the person authorized to act on his or her behalf.

Determine the alleged illegal activity and, in particular, when it is a
case of an alleged violation o intellectual or industrial property
rights, a precise and specific description of the protected content as
well as its exact location.

**VALIDITY OF THE GENERAL CONDITIONS AND THEIR MODIFICATION**

The legal relationship derived from the access and use of the Web Site,
as well as the Contents and Services incorporated in it, has an
indefinite duration. Likewise, any of the parties may unilaterally
terminate or suspend the present contractual relationship at any time
and without any other cause than their own will in this regard.

Notwithstanding the foregoing, such relationship shall be deemed
terminated immediately when IRONCHIP publishes new General Conditions.
The access and use of the Website will imply the full adherence and
acceptance of the new conditions and, consequently, the beginning of a
new legal relationship.

IRONCHIP reserves the right to modify, at any time, and without prior
notice, these General Conditions.

**ASSIGNMENT TO THIRD PARTIES**

The user may not assign, transfer, encumber or subrogate in favour of
third parties the rights and obligations established in these General
Conditions and, where applicable, in the Particular Conditions.

IRONCHIP may assign, transfer, encumber or subrogate in favor of third
parties, in whole or in part, the rights and obligations assumed under
the contractual relationship herein, as well as the contractual position
to any third party, it being understood by this clause that the user
grants sufficient authorization to that effect.

**APPLICABLE LAW AND COMPETENT JURISDICTION**

The Website is operated and controlled by IRONCHIP from its offices in
Spain. Consequently, all matters arising from access and/or use of the
Website shall be governed by and construed in accordance with Spanish
law.

In the event that the user is domiciled outside of Spain, IRONCHIP and
the user agree to submit, expressly waiving any other jurisdiction, to
the competent Courts and Tribunals in the Kingdom of Spain.

**NOTIFICATIONS**

Unless otherwise indicated, all notices, requirements, agreements,
consents, acceptances, approvals or communications that may be necessary
in accordance with the provisions of these General Conditions or that,
in one way or another, are related to it, must be in writing, and sent
to IRONCHIP by mail to the registered office of the company, for the
attention of the Legal Department.

**MORE INFORMATION**

Please contact info\@ironchip.com for any additional information,
suggestions or proposals.

Contact us!
